ADS Functional Automation Code Review (07-19-19)

Overview:

In general, functional test code should be readable, reusable, and reliable.  Since it is designed to test,
it should be easy to identify the reason for a failure.  Most of the time, this will be revealed in a report,
so the precision of @Test method names is very important (see item #6 below).

Definitions:

"global" = test scripts that apply to the application as a whole and not a particular functional area.

"local" = test scripts that are specific to a functional area, such as "ucqc".  Each functional area should have a
    functional area helper class that contains items specific to that functional area.  This functional area helper
    class should extend BeforeAfterStatic and should be extended by the test script.  They can be found in
    src > main > java > webdriver > local.  In addition, each functional area should have a test suite that resides
    with the script and contains all the test scripts for that functional area (see #11 below).

Checks:

1- Verify Java standard naming conventions and formatting.  Avoid duplicated code through the use of helper classes and
    methods to the extent possible.  Run a static analysis tool (such as Checkstyle) on your local changes prior to any
    code reviews.

2- Test scripts/classes should extend the static test framework.  Use the StaticScriptTemplate (in templates) as a model
    for setting up a test script (or copy and rename the template).

3- Add a single comment/description outlining the test purpose and include JIRA ticket numbers (if applicable) at the
    top of the test script.

4- Ideally, each item or bullet point in the development story Acceptance Criteria should have a corresponding @Test
    method in the test script.

5- Each @Test method should contain at least one (or sometimes more) assert statements that are directly related to the
    acceptance criteria under test.  It may be necessary to cover a single item in the acceptance criteria with several
    @Test methods.  In this case, these can be tied together using letters in the method number (e.g., 1a, 1b, 1c, 1d).

6- Each @Test method name should reflect the assert or verification that was run and should avoid abbreviations.
    However, ideally, method names would reflect the action performed and the assert statement, such as "Click Help
    button and assert Help dialog displays".  The primary function of the method name is to facilitate identifying the
    reason for a test failure, especially from a report.

7- Test code should use existing helper classes and page map elements to the extent possible.  Ideally, limit use of
    hard-coded values and webelements in the test script - use the framework or add to the framework.

8- At the local (functional area) level, move helper methods that could be used in more than one script to the
    respective local helper class.  If in doubt, move it to the helper class rather than making it private in the test
    script.  Helper methods that could be used anywhere can be moved to a global helper class.

9- At the test script level, use private methods to group lines of code that have a common purpose, rather than having
    all these lines directly in the test script (e.g., dismissHelpDialog).  Give the method a meaningful name.  Also,
    consider moving the method to the local helper class (or possibly a global helper class).

10- Put comments that will print to the console in an 'if(printout)' block, so that they print only if
    printout = true, to ensure that comments are printed only when requested.  These comments should reflect
    useful information that the method can produce, such as actual values from a page.  Use non-printable comments
    and "indicator" comments (such as 'Start Test' and 'Test Passed') very sparingly (if at all).
    Instead, make the method names more meaningful (see #6 above).

11- Add new test script(s) to a test suite, starting with the test suite for the functional area.

